in this video I will show you an example
of how you can generate pixelart
characters for your
project so first I generate a character
using our latest new tool which is
trained on
flux once you have created a character
and you want to add more variety you can
use the in painting tool to uh give them
new outfits weapons and shields
here I'm using init image and in
painting together to give the model a
better idea of what I
want this is recommended when adding
items to your
character we also have rotations and
animations so if you're interested in
finding out more about the project I
will leave a link in the description